Hello there, 
This is a Java Based encryptor utilizing Caesor Cipher principle and is capable of performing encryption with multiple keys, 
this program can take inputs from user and Encrypt it with multiple keys
and has  a small gui interface too, you can simply download this file
 and open in any editor, to make it run.
 1. Run the Encryption_with_Caser_Cipher.java file in any editor with jre.
 2. Select appropriate options.
 3. Copy paste the path of file to be opened.
 4. Enter the keys to encrypt the files with.
 (Numeric keys are only supported)
 5. Check the output 
 
 Thank You :)


This program was based on the problem statement - 

: Caesar Cipher
You will start with the Caesar Cipher algorithm you learned about in the videos, and you will
make some enhancements to it, so that it works with all letters (both uppercase and lowercase)
and to make it a little bit harder to decrypt. Write these methods in a CaesarCipher class you
can use in the next lesson.
Specifically, you should do the following:
● Create a new class called CaesarCipher.
● Write the method encryptthat has two parameters, a String named inputand an int
named key. This method returns a string that has been encrypted using the Caesar
Cipher Algorithm explained in the videos. Assume that all the alphabetic characters are
uppercase letters. For example, the call
encrypt(“FIRST LEGION ATTACK EAST FLANK!”, 23)
should return the string
“CFOPQ IBDFLK XQQXZH BXPQ CIXKH!”
● Write the void method testCaesarthat has no parameters. This method should read a
file and encrypt the complete file using the Caesar Cipher algorithm, printing the
encrypted message. You may want to include the lines:
FileResource fr = new FileResource();
String message = fr.asString();
String encrypted = encrypt(message, key);
System.out.println("key is " + key + "\n" + encrypted);
● Modify the encryptmethod to be able to handle both uppercase and lowercase letters.
For example, encrypt(“First Legion”, 23)should return “Cfopq Ibdflk”
and encrypt(“First Legion”, 17) should return “Wzijk Cvxzfe”. Be sure
to test the encryptmethod.
● Write the method encryptTwoKeysthat has three parameters, a String named input,
and two integers named key1 and key2.This method returns a String that has been
encrypted using the following algorithm. Parameter key1is used to encrypt every other
character with the Caesar Cipher algorithm, starting with the first character, and key2is
used to encrypt every other character, starting with the second character. For example,
the call encryptTwoKeys(“First Legion”, 23, 17)should return “Czojq
Ivdzle”. Note the ‘F’is encrypted with key 23, the first ‘i’with 17, the ‘r’with 23,
and the ‘s’with 17, etc. Be sure to test this method.
